README.rst, before:

===================
|twitter-searchite|
===================

.. |twitter-searchite| image:: https://raw.github.com/insin/twitter-searchite/master/logo.png

Quick creation of sites driven by Twitter search results, using `Node.js`_ and
`Redis`_.

.. _`Node.js`: http://nodejs.org/
.. _`Redis`: http://redis.io

Usage
=====

#. Clone the repo.

#. ``npm install`` to install dependencies.

#. Edit `settings.js`_.

   * If you want to use the `Streaming APIs`_, you'll need to register an app at
     https://dev.twitter.com/ and use its consumer key and secret. Streaming is
     associated with the account you authenticate with - you can generate an
     access token for your own Twitter acount for local development.

   * If Twitter credentials are not supplied, the site poller will fall back to
     calling the `Search API`_ every ``pollInterval`` seconds.

   * Express requires that you put *something* in ``sessionSecret`` to hash its
     sessions with.

#. Start ``redis-server``.

#. ``node server.js`` to start polling for Tweets and serve up a site which uses
   the Tweets.

#. Hack.

.. _`settings.js`: https://github.com/insin/twitter-searchite/blob/master/settings.js
.. _`Streaming APIs`: https://dev.twitter.com/docs/streaming-apis
.. _`Search API`: https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api/1/get/search

MIT License
===========

Copyright (c) 2012, Jonathan Buchanan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added README note about setting up the first admin

README.rst, after:

===================
|twitter-searchite|
===================

.. |twitter-searchite| image:: https://raw.github.com/insin/twitter-searchite/master/logo.png

Quick creation of sites driven by Twitter search results, using `Node.js`_ and
`Redis`_.

.. _`Node.js`: http://nodejs.org/
.. _`Redis`: http://redis.io

Usage
=====

#. Clone the repo.

#. ``npm install`` to install dependencies.

#. Edit `settings.js`_.

   * If you want to use the `Streaming APIs`_, you'll need to register an app at
     https://dev.twitter.com/ and use its consumer key and secret. Streaming is
     associated with the account you authenticate with - you can generate an
     access token for your own Twitter acount for local development.

   * If Twitter credentials are not supplied, the site poller will fall back to
     calling the `Search API`_ every ``pollInterval`` seconds.

   * Express requires that you put *something* in ``sessionSecret`` to hash its
     sessions with.

#. Start ``redis-server``.

   * To add yourself as an admin, fire up ``redis-cli`` and add your Twitter
     screen name to the ``admins`` set, e.g.::

        $ redis-cli
        redis 127.0.0.1:6379> sadd admins twitinsin
        (integer) 1

     After signing in with your Twitter account, you'll have access to the admin
     section.

#. ``node server.js`` to start polling for Tweets and serve up a site which uses
   the Tweets.

#. Hack.

.. _`settings.js`: https://github.com/insin/twitter-searchite/blob/master/settings.js
.. _`Streaming APIs`: https://dev.twitter.com/docs/streaming-apis
.. _`Search API`: https://dev.twitter.com/docs/api/1/get/search

MIT License
===========

Copyright (c) 2012, Jonathan Buchanan

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
